fix: strengthen derive_vars_merged_lookup enforcement in admiral-bds SKILL.md (#152)
RConsortium/pharma_skills: admiral/admiral-bds/SKILL.md

### Step 3 — Parameter assignment

Map SDTM test codes to ADaM parameters. Use `derive_vars_merged_lookup()` with a
lookup table driven by the ADaM spec. Do **not** use `derive_vars_merged()` here —

> that function is for ADSL variable merges only. Do not use `case_when()` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lookup table driven by the ADaM spec. Do **not** use `derive_vars_merged() for parameter code assignment — it is not a lookup function and will not correctly handle unmatched records. Do not use `case_when()` or
```

Author: Applied your suggested change, the prose now reads "it is not a lookup function and will not correctly handle unmatched records" which is more precise. Thank you for the improvement.

Reviewer: @efchea1 thanks, I saw one more case where it says "reserved for ADSL backbone merges" and tried to soften that one as well,

Author: @jeffreyad, applied, changed "reserved for ADSL" to "primarily used for ADSL" in the Common BDS errors bullet. Agreed that "primarily used" is more accurate since the function isn't strictly limited to ADSL merges.

- Asserting uniqueness without accounting for DTYPE rows — exclude
  `DTYPE != NA` records from uniqueness checks (synthetic rows are intentional
  duplicates by USUBJID + PARAMCD + AVISITN)
- Using `derive_vars_merged()` instead of `derive_vars_merged_lookup()` for

>   PARAMCD/PARAM/PARAMN assignment — `derive_vars_merged()` is reserved for ADSL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  PARAMCD/PARAM/PARAMN assignment — `derive_vars_merged()` is primarily used for ADSL
```

Author: @jeffreyad, applied, changed "reserved for ADSL" to "primarily used for ADSL" in the Common BDS errors bullet. Agreed that "primarily used" is more accurate since the function isn't strictly limited to ADSL merges.
